good morning as promised yesterday on my
Facebook page I said I would make a
video on how I take my twist down I
twisted these up Saturday night and I
was actually supposed to come back on
here Sunday and take him down but I
didn't take him down I just put a hat on
my head and that's all I want my hair
all day I just didn't feel like taking
them down so what I did was I put some
burnt sugar pomade in my palms rub
together and just started to untwist
them so they're all untwist it and now I
just start from the back and I tug on
them and then look for a natural
separation just kind of harder in the
pulling the ones in the back apart so
the ones that I can't see I just kind of
feel for it and I just go kind of row by
row and I put them in and just start put
them pulling them apart and again I
really don't care about the frizz
because I'm trying to get it to look
more like afro then I guess an actual
twist out so that's just my style on how
I do it hope everyone had a great Labor
Day weekend it's time to get back on
your cried today and I know it looks
crazy now but it'll come together here
in a minute
just pull them apart flop in and pull in
and pick in so I think I got them on
smart and I just kind of pull or tug
just kind of paper and pick at the roots
I'm doing to the back i'ma turn around
and show you I'm just kind of doing this
I hope I'm getting on camera because I
could never tell if I am or not so you
just pick you could probably use your
fingers if you know you don't have a pig
that's cool and then I take my pet and
I'm just kind of go underneath and again
tug at the roots
and this is it I'm gonna take some gel
but around my edges here but yeah and
just so you all know this is what I've
been rocking for the last I guess we can
half or so and I work in a very very
corporate environment where there are
like three thousand people on the campus
that I work in we have a total of I
think of ten buildings and we probably
have less than one percent black on our
campus and I am only one of three black
Americans yes I say black America I
don't say African American I say black
on my floor
and yeah I rock my fro and I get more
compliments from them than I do probably
anybody else and my boss's boss was a VP
came up to me last week and said oh my
god I love your hair so all you young
women because a majority of my followers
I'm probably old enough to be your mom I
will put my age out there but yeah I got
a grown kids don't worry about what
people are gonna say about your hair and
a corporate professional environment I
just I don't worry
I walked in when my hair was this long
in a washing go and now look at it it's
afro this time next year it's gonna be
up to here and I wish somebody would in
a system about my hair this is the hair
that I was born with this is how it came
out of my head so if you intimidated by
a Destin that they're intimidated by
that that's their issue not yours
I work in a very corporate environment
and that's all I have to say so this is
how I unflushed go I'm sorry the lord is
too early my chunky twist out to get it
to look like
this fro here so if you have any
questions leave them down in the
comments below and everybody have a
great week and I will see you on
Saturday talk to you later bye